# Mini Project 
# Alert-System-for-parents-from-fast-moving-student-vehicles-using-Wireless-Sensor-Networks
The goal of this project is to analyze the vehicle movement and alerting the parents which is a challenging problem. Now a day’s students are using two-wheeler vehicles lot more than books in education. The main problem is the speed with which they are driving the vehicles. We are seeing daily in news that many accidents are getting happened and many students are dying every day. RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) is chosen as one of technology implemented for vehicle monitoring system. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communication) is most widely used for alerting system. Alerting system is essential for providing the location and information about vehicle to passenger, owner or user.
In this paper, we propose a method where parents are controlling the speed of vehicles. When the student is driving the vehicle with speed more than 60 KMPH, the alert system sends a message to the parent. Now parent can take actions to reduce the speed. In this scenario, there must be provision where parents are controlling the speed and there must be alert system which sends the message if speed is exceeding the limits. These things can be done by the manufacturer of vehicles themselves, but for practical use we can’t limit the speed of emergency vehicles like ambulances, fire engines etc. so we propose a method where parents are taking active participation in this and controlling their wards regarding the speed. This also saves lot Fuel energy and air pollution can be minimized.

